// here is my forked codepen for tonight woow//
https://codepen.io/salihm1717/pen/RwNBoZr?editors=1100

//here are the questions//
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic html is using html tags that tellyou the meaning behind their use. its helpful to use it because it helps other developers understand what is going on with you.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is a mark up language, mostly used for the page foundation, its structure, and the actaul content is written in html. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
attributes allow extra data, supply a link or an image.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used for the most important data, what you want to stick out. it should be used less frequently than other elements. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
anchor tag and image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
data to browser that is not displayed on screen, css, java etc. 
    7. What is an id? 
id can only be used for one element and they are tools that help specify directions to that one element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
as many times as needed. 
    10. What is a class? 
classes are also tools that help specify direction, unlike id it can be used on many elements in the same time.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
using the anchor tag with href attribute allows us to open any link if we want it to open in a new tab we can add target=”_blank”
it should look something like this
<!--< a href=”TargetLink.html” target=”_blank”>Text That Will Appear</a >-->

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
allows you to provide a text equivalent for the object.
    15. How do I reference an id?
in css #idname{}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
semantics 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
styling the page. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
element{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id's are more specific than classes. i'd use a class when i want to style many different types of elements but i would
use an ID to style one specific DATA or line .
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
period classname{

}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
the parent and child relationship is when you have an element nested inside another element the nested element is 
the child and the one nesting is the parent. the parent attributes effect all under it unless specified other wise thats why it can be 
useful. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar{

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
acts as if you have added a class to an element in your markup

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, it will remove it permentally without warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
it keeps track of all changes made to project helps collabration 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
whenever you feel confident in your code path.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u orgin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork first, add tl to collaberator, clone, go to git bash cd into the file you want, git clone link,
 cd into proj branch by git checkou -b"firsnam-lastnam1'


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline allows element to be nested within each other without disturbing the flow of content and height and width have no effect
block takes up as much space as their parent allows need to use with width and height. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
its fixed connot adjusted for move. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
display:inline-block;
width: ;
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 
    element that is display inline-block by default
display block: div, section, h1
display inline: span, a 
display inline-block: 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
box model is the space that has the content and its surroundings, flex. 

